[INS] Update Instance creation with routed IP feature (#2794)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/instances/how-to/create-an-instance.mdx

          <Message type="important">
             - Ensure that a volume with an OS image has a minimum capacity of 10 GB. For a GPU OS, the recommended size is 125 GB.
             - When multiple Block Storage volumes are linked to your Instance, the primary volume will host the OS and is essential for booting the Instance. Once the Instance is created can [modify your boot volume](/compute/instances/how-to/use-boot-modes/#how-to-change-the-boot-volume).
             - Booting from a volume that either lacks an OS or is among multiple volumes with identical operating systems can lead to inconsistent boot outcomes.
          </Message>
        - Configure the network of the Instance. You can either select to use **Routed public IP** (a dedicated public IP address routed to your Instance that allows direct communication between the Instance and the Internet) or a **NAT public IP** (a public IP address that uses a carrier-grade NAT to translate the Instances NAT IP address). If you are unsure which to use, we recommend a routed public IP for ease of use and improved performance.

>           - Ensure the checkbox is ticked to assign a **Public IPv4** to the Instance. You can either allocate a new IPv4 address or select one or multiple existing IPv4s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - Leave the checkbox ticked to assign a **Public IPv4** to the Instance. You can either allocate a new IPv4 address or select one or multiple existing IPv4s. Alternatively, uncheck the box if you do not want an IPv4.
```
